README.md, before:

# Portfolio

a. (optional) Embed your video: embed your same video in your readme file
i. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4279611/how-to-embed-a-video-into-
github-readme-md
    ii. It might be easier if you use YouTube
b. Add links to your Figma and website
    i. Add clear clickable links to your Figma and website.
    ii. Ideally, these links should be below your video
c. Description: In 300 words (only!) describe your website. Include the following:
    i. What is the purpose of your website?
    ii. What information do you convey with your website?
    iii. How is it interesting and engaging?
    iv. Who is the target audience?
d. Using your website: Use a bulleted list to describe how a user would interact
with your website. For each item in your list, say
    i. the interaction type you implemented
    ii. how I should reproduce it (i.e. click on X on page Y, or scroll on page X,
    etc.)
e. External libraries: Describe what external tool(s) you used (JavaScript library,
Web API, animations, or other). Following the bulleted list format below, reply to
each of the prompts. (people tend to stop reading at the 4th sentence, so please
be concise)
    i. Name of tool
    ii. Why you chose to use it? (2-4 sentences max)
    iii. How you used it? (2-4 sentences max)
    iv. What it adds to your website? (2-4 sentences max)
f. Iteration from HW7: Describe how you iterated on your HW7 mockups, if at all,
including any changes you made to your original design while you were
implementing your website. (2-4 sentences max)
g. Major challenges: What challenges did you experience in implementing your
website? (2-4 sentences max)

Commit message:

added featurettes to about page

README.md, after:

# Portfolio

a. (optional) Embed your video: embed your same video in your readme file
    i. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4279611/how-to-embed-a-video-into-
github-readme-md
    ii. It might be easier if you use YouTube

b. Links
    i. Figma: https://www.figma.com/proto/7rjs6aYzpRampF5fXfFaQy/PUI-Assignment-7?node-id=16%3A56&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=16%3A56&show-proto-sidebar=1
    ii. Website Link: https://anjali-akula.web.app 

c. Description: In 300 words (only!) describe your website. Include the following:
    i. What is the purpose of your website?
    ii. What information do you convey with your website?
    iii. How is it interesting and engaging?
    iv. Who is the target audience?

d. Using your website: Use a bulleted list to describe how a user would interact with your website. For each item in your list, say
    i. the interaction type you implemented
    ii. how I should reproduce it (i.e. click on X on page Y, or scroll on page X,
    etc.)

e. External libraries: Bootstrap 
    
    ii. Why you chose to use it? (2-4 sentences max)
    iii. How you used it? (2-4 sentences max)
    iv. What it adds to your website? (2-4 sentences max)

f. Iteration from HW7: (2-4 sentences max)
- Changed the color scheme and fonts to be more bold and professional
- Added in jumbotrons on the fold of each page with background images
- Added in an About and Contact page to make the portfolio more complete

g. Major challenges: What challenges did you experience in implementing your website? (2-4 sentences max)
- One major challenge was learning about Bootstrap and all of the classes and options that were provided through it.
- Another challenge was translating from Figma to my site because what looked good on Figma did not necessarily look good
   on my actual site.
